Replace "Docker image" with "container image", other minor edits (#30170)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

To use a volume, specify the volumes to provide for the Pod in `.spec.volumes`
and declare where to mount those volumes into containers in `.spec.containers[*].volumeMounts`.
A process in a container sees a filesystem view composed from their container
image and volumes. The container image is at the root of the filesystem hierarchy.
Volumes mount at the specified paths within
the image. Volumes cannot mount onto other volumes or have hard links to
other volumes. Each container in the Pod's configuration must independently specify where to

> mount each volume.

Reviewer: Should we link to [`#using-subpath`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#using-subpath)?

Author: I'm not sure where best to link to `#using-subpath`, so please suggest otherwise if my usage doesn't make the most sense.

To use a volume, specify the volumes to provide for the Pod in `.spec.volumes`
and declare where to mount those volumes into containers in `.spec.containers[*].volumeMounts`.
A process in a container sees a filesystem view composed from the initial contents of
the {{< glossary_tooltip text="container image" term_id="image" >}}, plus volumes
(if defined) mounted inside the container.
The process sees a root filesystem that initially matches the contents of the container
image.
Any writes to within that filesystem hierarchy, if allowed, affect what that process views
when it performs a subsequent filesystem access.

> Volumes mount at the [specified paths](#using-subpath) within
> the image. Volumes cannot mount onto other volumes or have hard links to
> other volumes. Each container in the Pod's configuration must independently specify where to
> mount each volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volumes mount at the [specified paths](#using-subpath) within
the image. 
For each container defined within a Pod, you must independently specify where
to mount each volume that the container uses.

Volumes cannot mount within other volumes (but see [Using subpath]((#using-subpath)
for another mechanism). Also, a volume cannot contain a hard link to anything in
a different volume.
```

To use a volume, specify the volumes to provide for the Pod in `.spec.volumes`
and declare where to mount those volumes into containers in `.spec.containers[*].volumeMounts`.
A process in a container sees a filesystem view composed from the initial contents of
the {{< glossary_tooltip text="container image" term_id="image" >}}, plus volumes
(if defined) mounted inside the container.
The process sees a root filesystem that initially matches the contents of the container
image.
Any writes to within that filesystem hierarchy, if allowed, affect what that process views
when it performs a subsequent filesystem access.
Volumes mount at the [specified paths](#using-subpath) within
the image.
For each container defined within a Pod, you must independently specify where
to mount each volume that the container uses.

> Volumes cannot mount within other volumes (but see [Using subpath](#using-subpath)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Volumes cannot mount within other volumes (but see [Using subPath](#using-subpath)
```
nit: to match the section title
